Adds a new section to the contributing guidelines to explain the procedure for new features and refactoring (#49)
laminas/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [Chat](https://laminas.dev/chat)
- [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## New Features or Refactoring

> If you are working on new features or refactoring for an existing project item (component, tool, etc.), create a Request For Comments
> (RFC) in the correspondig repository via a new issue report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are working on new features or refactoring for an existing project item (e.g. adding a new filter or validator or rewriting an existing class), create a Request For Comments (RFC) in the correspondig repository via a new issue report.
```

> If you want to propose a new project item, create a RFC in the [Technical Steering Committee](https://github.com/laminas/technical-steering-committee) repository via a new issue report.

Reviewer: > …project item…

Can we specify this like above?

Author: Like this?

> If you want to propose a new project item (component, tool, etc.), create a RFC...

> If you want to propose a new project item, create a RFC in the [Technical Steering Committee](https://github.com/laminas/technical-steering-committee) repository via a new issue report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to propose a new component/package, create a RFC in the [Technical Steering Committee](https://github.com/laminas/technical-steering-committee) repository via a new issue report.
```
